### Introduction
2100 AN is bench top turbidimeter that is use in plants to determine the cloudiness of water from raw water to Tap water. This instrument need calibration sometime because its reading sometime does't look right and can't be 100% accurate all the time for this reason it is need maintenance which is calibration.
***

### Summary
This method requires employee to have stabilized Formazin turbidity standard which is unique for this instrument calibration. No water or other chemical needed just this std.
***

### Materials & Equipment Needed
- 2100AN (instrument)
- Stabilized formazin ( 20 NTU, 200 NTU, 1000 NTU, 4000 NTU)
- Lint-free wipe / tissue that does not scratch plastic
***

### Personal Safety
This procedure uses a product called Stabilized Formazin standard
***

### Operation Warnings
Calibrating  this instrument will not affect any other process.
***

### Special Notes
None
***

### Procedure
This procedure assumes 2100 AN instrument is in good working order

1. Invert the std repeatedly for  5 minutes to break up the condensed suspension into the original particle size.
- Press calibration key on turbidimeter on the screen you will see green light on means you are authorized to calibrate that instrument.
- Go ahead insert 20 NTU std bottle and press Enter key after that you wait for 60 seconds then on the screen you will notice that after 60 seconds pass the instrument will display 200 NTU which means go to next level insert ( 200 NTU) bottle. After another 60 second go for 1000 NTU for 60 seconds and finally 4000 NTU.
- Finally press ok to complete your calibration and when you done press EXIT key.
- Notice each bottle has its own concentration means all 5 bottles have different concentration for example bottle ( 1 ) has a concentration less than 0.1 NTU.
***
